hello youtube friends this here I come
with this tutorial of the song of
Georgia and I forgot you recently had
and uploaded a video of a liter of that
song but the way me to this headdress of
some notes that did not go to the original
but already checking the already it is the
can already correctly draw that it would be
how are I going to show you right now
I the notes that I had taken out there in
the other video would be these
to
thing that we are going to change them for these
nothing else for this would sound like this
Not really how I touched it before me
and that in a little bit different but it remains
but really the right thing
good to start this let's play
dance at the same time then I did what
same time in this way
a single family with those of 2005
it runs easily
I only repeat tower
worship
in real time
easy runs
single
truth is what the right hand to
principle with the left hand we are going to
playing re with his octave will touch us time
and this goes against time later
we are going to touch two tell you and in time
that is, it would be like that
and immediately if we see without octave and then
they were the same as network
Y
then they would give at the same time
it would sound like this
ah
we go to the tower
and here
now
four times after the four times
comes another part where the tonality
less
but here we are going to do this
let's play this part
and then in the right hand we're going to play
these notes just me go I release
in this way
through and then if he fails his fault I
I repeat if you endorse them are only for one
more time if the network
it would be this way
i
and in the right hand what we're going to
do
when we start is to do it from the network and
touch it with the same figure we do
here in river be
what when we are going to change here
let's touch this cure against
you see
this coach now is
true
they go to this dry land and the notes are like this
then it would sound zhijun
i
do not
here previously it has been
recorded this a
the chords of a particular sound this
that resembles that of the original song
what are these games
no no no
truth that I use for the
accompaniment that I have recorded here
then if there are any questions
of how this setback goes on in the
video and there check the notes and so that
it is already finish
also to check how it goes then
last would be if the song together
with the kilo of the notes I recorded
it would be like that
no no
it's simple like that though
suddenly it's not like that anymore
very on time so they cross more than
nothing here the low
and little by little they will grab him then
I hope you liked it and I hope
then upload some more things and if
there you have doubts therefore with pleasure for
upload some tutorials to help them
good, goodbye